Is there anyone who recommends switching to Laogai during trouble?
Take care of me! You owe me first!
What are you doing?
Please give me your permission first.
The words of the Yellow River!
The Jin Zhang family is full!
sorry!
Mr. Lin! Mr. Lin!
Of course you have plenty! The sun never catches the little one!
Okay! Take the lower part as an example!
If not for the sake of your being so respectful?
Don't talk about this pure! Even your Zhang family will cease to exist!
Discipline me
Let him praise his achievements first.
Take it home and respond well to me
It goes against my immigration studies
Press to catch a private outing
I'll cut off your legs
Give it to me